New page: htmlareaelement.coords and shape (#36813)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlareaelement/coords/index.md

---
title: "HTMLAreaElement: coords property"
short-title: coords
slug: Web/API/HTMLAreaElement/coords
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLAreaElement.coords
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`coords`** property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLAreaElement")}} interface specifies the coordinates of for the shape described by the {{DOMxRef("HTMLAreaElement.shape")}} property as a list of floating-point numbers. It reflects the {{htmlelement("area")}} element's [`coords`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/area#coords) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`coords`** property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLAreaElement")}} interface specifies the coordinates of the element's shape as a list of floating-point numbers. It reflects the {{htmlelement("area")}} element's [`coords`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/area#coords) attribute.
```

> If the `shape` is `rect`, the shape is a rectangle and the string value's four comma separated numbers specify the coordinates of the top-left and bottom-right corner of the rectangle. For example, `0,0,200,20` defines the coordinates as `0,0`, which is the top-left of the image map, and `200,20`, which is 200px from the left and 20px from the top of the top-left corner of the image map. If the `shape` is `circle`, the three comma-separated numbers represent the x and y coordinates of the circles center and the radius. If the shape is `poly`, the string consists of at least 6 comma-separated numbers representing at least 3 pairs of coordinates that define the edges of the shape of the polygon. If the first and last coordinate pairs are not the same, the browser will add the last coordinate pair to close the polygon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `shape` is `rect`, the shape is a rectangle and the string value's four comma separated numbers specify the coordinates of the top-left and bottom-right corners of the rectangle. For example, `0,0,200,20` defines the coordinates as `0,0`, which is the top-left of the image map, and `200,20`, which is 200px from the left and 20px from the top of the top-left corner of the image map.

If the `shape` is `circle`, the three comma-separated numbers represent the x and y coordinates of the circle's center and the radius.

If the shape is `poly`, the string consists of at least 6 comma-separated numbers representing at least 3 pairs of coordinates that define the vertices of the polygon.

For all coordinates, the origin is the top-left corner of the {{htmlelement("map")}} element's image.
```

I didn't understand "If the first and last coordinate pairs are not the same, the browser will add the last coordinate pair to close the polygon." - I deleted it but please explain it to me if we actually need it.

Author: left it out.
